fix: `fetchGlobal()` with numeric key (#9251)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.5.6.rst

**********
Bugs Fixed
**********
- **FeatureTestTrait:** Allows `#call` and `#post` to process JSON lists. It failed because `RequestTrait#fetchGlobal` expected the second parameter ($index) to be an associative array.

> 

Reviewer: This can be removed. The true issue is described in the next line.

> - **RequestTrait:** Allows to get a value by a numeric key if the data is stored as a list and not an associative array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RequestTrait:** Fixed a bug where the ``fetchGlobal()`` method did not allow handling data by numeric key when stored as a list.
```

Author: Test `testFetchGlobalReturnsWithListValues` delete?

Reviewer: No, these are fine, although I have one request.

Please add keys to this test so they're visible right away. This will be more consistent with the real request.

```php
$post = [
    '0' => ['foo' => '0'],
    '1' => ['bar' => '1'],
    '2' => ['baz' => '2'],
];
```

Please make sure these are all strings.
